Haha Xiaoxue, you scared me to death
Don't think I don't know you. You're a sister-in-law
Seduce your brother-in-law
You are really shameless.
You know what?
His brother-in-law
Still a pauper
Hahaha, you are too much, Xiaoxue.
If your husband is really that good
Then you can enter the Governor's Palace and let me take a look
I don't know them in general
You see you can't get in for the rest of your life
Don't say this life
You can't get in even in your next life
Hey, I said earlier that Wang Hai is mine.
Wait until he's gone
How dare you call your ancestors' names?
Go away hahahaha hey
Do you hear me?
They told you to get out
Daughter, why don't you waste time with them?
This dancer's going out ceremony
It's about to start.
Let's go inside.
Forget it, yeah, mom
It's a big deal.
Then they should waste their time
Let's go in
This is my husband's sister Qin
My husband is still a big hit in front of Governor Wang
How many years have you mentioned it to me in front of the director?
A few words of beauty, definitely
We've got to get going.
Then your husband must be clean.
Hi.